hello viewers this is AK wasp and
welcome to video log number 6 and this
video log I've completed the mauritania
task systems for the hard and also
obviously the medium and easy rewards
and I take a look at the stats and I
hope you enjoy the video
hello viewers this is AK wasp and I'm
just going to be walking through
obtaining each of the easy medium and
hard leggings of the mauritania task
system diary whatever you want to call
it and right now on screen we see me
obtaining the level 11 sore level what
you would call it the easy ones and ah
yeah you get from this priest guy over
here right by the farming patch and the
stats are also on screen I'll have a
comparison of all three stats at the end
these are basically nothing great but
they are also not too bad so on they
also come if you complete the easy and
or d or add the medium tasks ah within
the first two weeks I believe you get
early bird bonus which is the double
experience from the lamps and on screen
now which we see the rewards which are
these are the rewards for completing the
hard um tasks which is as far as I got
to and the only thing holding me up I
completely delete ones are basically I
need to complete all the temple tracking
so the nice things are you never need
the amulet of ghost speak again because
all girls can understand you you get
better keys from burning shades which
are good if you want the necromancer
robes Robin Hood gives you 26 bones or
makes bone meal 26 times a day ten
percent more temple tracking rewards
there's a half chance that your blood
what's it called blood tell a tab to the
altar won't break I don't think anybody
actually uses that so that doesn't
matter all that much and the best thing
is actually the you get increased arm or
a half now our half delay so half DK
basically a 50-percent slower drain rate
of your prayer when you're in the
barrels and also double rune Lutz so
that's quite nice on screen now we see
these stats from the mauritania legs to
which we got over from Robin and I was
actually surprised the Robin didn't play
a bigger part in this test system I I
thought he would because he does forget
exactly what the game is but he does
host a minigame I was somewhat surprised
at the choices that Warren weren't
picked I honestly thought that the what
is it I forget what's called exactly but
in dark Meyer there's the new system
where you can unlock additional ranks by
doing favors all about town for the
different vampires I thought that would
play a more pivotal role and the dire
reason it did not instead there are a
abundant sets of requirements from the
temple tracking which is a pretty old
content it's been updated recently but
still pretty old content but anyway so
here is the look of everything are the
stats anyways of the level-3 armored and
we can see it's not too bad i think it's
equivalent to dragonhide don't call me
on that i can let you know for sure and
then immediately after this we're going
to see uh what the whole set looks like
so everything I'm wearing is elite
except for the legs which are obviously
not elite they're just hard at the
moment because I haven't finished the
temple trucking minigame but once I get
that all done I will update with this
video log basically be video log 6.5
which will have the completed elite ah
what's a called Diaries completed and in
the meantime if anybody has any
questions or stuck on any particular
parts please leave a comment below and I
will either get to you directly back as
an answer or include the responses in
the follow up video log because there
are definitely some trickier parts to
this especially if you are like me and
then put the crystal nienke within your
steel ring that was kind of a pain and
there were some other parts of just
worth as intuitive like starting the
cider brewing ah basically if you look
at the wiki page it tells you to start
with buckets of water but you don't even
need any buckets of water or barley malt
so there are some tricky parts on there
but there's nothing too terrible if
you're having trouble leave a comment
I'll get back to you as soon as I can
and thanks for watching have a nice day